134 puma state machine rewrite telegram (#145)
NetherlandsForensicInstitute/puma: puma/apps/android/telegram/README.md

# the above command uses OCR to recognize the folder name. Since this is not 100% reliable, you can also use an index
# to open the nth folder. The index is 1-based
phone.send_media_from_gallery(media_index=1, folder=3)  # sends the first media file from the 3rd folder int eh Telegram dropdown 
```
Telegram also supports voice and video messages, which are audio or video clips recorded in the app:
```python
phone.send_voice_message(10, conversation='Bob')  # sends a 10 second voice message
phone.send_video_message(5)  # sends a 5 second video message
```

## Calls

We can make (video) calls using telegram:

```python
phone_alice.start_call(conversation='Bob')  # start call with Bob
phone_bob.answer_call()  # answer an incoming call
phone_alice.end_call()  # ends current call

phone_bob.start_call()  # starts a call in teh current conversation
phone_alice.answer_call()
phone_bob.mute_mic()  # mutes the microphone
phone_bob.mute_mic()  # a second call will unmute
phone_alice.end_call()
```

## Location

Puma supports sending the current location or the live location:
```python

> # in alle xamples below, the parameter conversation is needed if you're not currently in a conversation. We omit it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# in all examples below, the parameter conversation is needed if you're not currently in a conversation. We omit it here.
```

phone.stop_live_location_sharing()  # stops the live location sharing
phone.send_live_location(duration_option=2)  # you can use a different duration option, by using a 1-based index
phone.send_live_location(duration_option='1 hour')  # or by using part of the UI text that's in view. This is readable code but less stable
```

## Group chat management

Puma can create and manage group chats. For chatting, group chats behave like regular conversations
```python
phone.create_new_group('my best friends', members = ['alice', 'bob'])  # Creates a group.
## A group name is required, members are optional and can be added later:
phone.add_members(conversation='my best friends', new_members=['charlie, dave'])
# members can also be removed
phone.remove_member(conversation='my best friends', member='dave')
# the group name and description can be changed:
phone.edit_group_name(conversation='my best friends', new_group_name='my good friends')
phone.edit_group_description(conversation='my good friends', description='Since 1999!')
# groups can be deleted or left. A regular user will simply leave, while the group owner will delete the group:

> phone.delete_and_leave_group(conversation='my good friends')

Reviewer: also add the example for just leaving the group?
